wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
w     w      w         w  C   w        w
w  P  w           w       E   w        w
w          wwwwwwwwwww   wwwwwwwwwwwwwww
w     w    w             w     wC      w
w  wwwwwwwwwE            w     w   E   w
w               wwwwwwwwww     wwwww   w
w       wwwww   w                      w
w       w       w   E    wwwwwwwww    ww
wE      w T     w        w T      E    w
w   wwwwwwwwwwwww     wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
w                     w                w
www   wwwwwww   wwwwwww           wwwwww
w           w     C         w          w
w           w    E      wwwwwwwwwww    ww
w    E      wwwwwwwwwwwww              w
w   wwwwww      w         E            w
w        w    www   wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
w        w    T     w      Tw     C    w
w        wwwwwwwwwwww    wwww       wwww
wwww                                   F w
wC      w     w   w    w   w    B   w  w 
wwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
